The spiders walking on my heard are just an illusion.
The age of Arch Linux is quickly approaching... maybe.
Nuh uh! My frog is better! They can jump a hundred meters up in the air!
Compiling this program on Windows is such a pain in the ass.
Man, I really want to try the game Kerbal Space Program again...
Jumping as a mode of transport works better with anti-gravity material.
Screw it! I'm playing Kerbal Space Program despite all my ongoing projects!
Wow KSP is incredibly difficult...
I wish that my body didn't require food.
Welp, she's stuck on the moon now. Gotta do another mission to get her back.
Good that I'm in sandbox-mode so that I can actually save her more easily.
I'm making an overkill rocket to save her from the moon.
The game "Big Walk" is really nice with friends... if they aren't assholes.
The sound design in "Big Walk" is extremely pleasant.
I hope that the vacation will help me write more of Cotton's lore.
Oops I haven't done any todo items today at all...
I should probably start doing that now.
Am I minimizing regret? Maybe to some extent.
"You are what you eat", they said. "Okay", said the cinder block.
Oh my god I have so many dishes that I need to do...
Time to do driving quizzes whilst showering to save time!
Nevermind it definitely didn't save any time...
It's almost like this happens every time, but that I never learn from it.
Looks like I found a good rocket science tutorial to help me not die!
A very small amount of commas in the sentences I write, huh?
It's interesting seeing how much everyone's sentences differ in style.
My sentences are clearly more bullshit and relevant to what I'm doing.
I also have a tendency to split up the same thought into different sentences.
This makes it way more nonsensical when actually using the program.
It's at least an easy way to get more sentences.
What is your favorite color?
I just played the game "Big Walk" with my boyfriend, and we loved it!
Oops we unlocked the blue area before the green one...
Oh shit! A rat!
Oh shit! A hat!
The purple dragon glides to save the day.
Well, the moon landing was a success, however I didn't do my todo items again...
Next time: Landing on the wacky other planet orbiting Earth.
It has a very weird orbit so planning maneuvers is going to be hard.
My submissions are basically a timeline of all my shenanigans.
-
ðə spaɪdɝz wɔkɪŋ ɑn maɪ hɝd ɑɹ dʒəst æn ɪɫuʒən.
ðə eɪdʒ əv ɑɹtʃ ɫɪnəks ɪz kwɪkɫi əpɹoʊtʃɪŋ... meɪbi.
nu ə! maɪ fɹɑɡ ɪz bɛtɝ! ðeɪ kæn dʒəmp eɪ həndɝd mitɝz əp ɪn ðə ɛɹ!
kəmpaɪɫɪŋ ðɪs pɹoʊɡɹæm ɑn wɪndoʊz ɪz sətʃ eɪ peɪn ɪn ðə æs.
mæn, aɪ ɹiɫi wɑnt tu tɹaɪ ðə ɡeɪm kɝbʊɫ speɪs pɹoʊɡɹæm əɡeɪn...
dʒəmpɪŋ æz eɪ moʊd əv tɹænspɔɹt wɝks bɛtɝ wɪð æntaɪ-ɡɹævəti mətɪɹiəɫ.
skɹu ɪt! aɪm pɫeɪɪŋ kɝbʊɫ speɪs pɹoʊɡɹæm dɪspaɪt ɔɫ maɪ ɑnɡoʊɪŋ pɹɑdʒɛks!
waʊ keɪ-ɛs-pi ɪz ɪnkɹɛdəbɫi dɪfəkəɫt...
aɪ wɪʃ ðæt maɪ bɑdi dɪdən ɹikwaɪɝ fud.
wɛɫp, ʃiz stək ɑn ðə mun naʊ. ɡɑtə du ənəðɝ mɪʃən tu ɡɛt hɝ bæk.
ɡʊd ðæt aɪm ɪn sændbɑks-moʊd soʊ ðæt aɪ kæn æktʃuəɫi seɪv hɝ mɔɹ izəɫi.
aɪm meɪkɪŋ æn oʊvɝkɪɫ ɹɑkət tu seɪv hɝ fɹəm ðə mun.
ðə ɡeɪm "bɪɡ wɑk" ɪz ɹiɫi naɪs wɪð fɹɛndz... ɪf ðeɪ ɑɹənt æshoʊɫz.
ðə saʊnd dɪzaɪn ɪn "bɪɡ wɑk" ɪz ɛkstɹimɫi pɫɛzənt.
aɪ hoʊp ðæt ðə veɪkeɪʃən wɪɫ hɛɫp mi ɹaɪt mɔɹ əv kɑtənz ɫɔɹ.
ups aɪ hævən dən ɛni tudu aɪtəmz tədeɪ æt ɔɫ...
aɪ ʃʊd pɹɑbəbɫi stɑɹt duɪŋ ðæt naʊ.
æm aɪ mɪnəmaɪzɪŋ ɹəɡɹɛt? meɪbi tu səm ɪkstɛnt.
"ju ɑɹ hwət ju it", ðeɪ sɛd. "oʊkeɪ", sɛd ðə sɪndɝ bɫɑk.
oʊ maɪ ɡɑd aɪ hæv soʊ mɛni dɪʃəz ðæt aɪ nid tu du...
taɪm tu du dɹaɪvɪŋ kwɪzɪz waɪɫst ʃaʊɝɪŋ tu seɪv taɪm!
nɛvɝmaɪnd ɪt dɛfənətɫi dɪdən seɪv ɛni taɪm...
ɪts ɔɫmoʊst ɫaɪk ðɪs hæpənz ɛvɝi taɪm, bət ðæt aɪ nɛvɝ ɫɝn fɹəm ɪt.
ɫʊks ɫaɪk aɪ faʊnd eɪ ɡʊd ɹɑkət saɪəns tutɔɹiəɫ tu hɛɫp mi nɑt daɪ!
eɪ vɛɹi smɔɫ əmaʊnt əv kɑməz ɪn ðə sɛntənsəz aɪ ɹaɪt, hə?
ɪts ɪntɝəstɪŋ siɪŋ haʊ mətʃ ɛvɹiwənz sɛntənsəz dɪfɝ ɪn staɪɫ.
maɪ sɛntənsəz ɑɹ kɫɪɹɫi mɔɹ bʊɫʃɪt ænd ɹɛɫəvənt tu hwət aɪm duɪŋ.
aɪ ɔɫsoʊ hæv eɪ tɛndənsi tu spɫɪt əp ðə seɪm θɔt ɪntu dɪfɝənt sɛntənsəz.
ðɪs meɪks ɪt weɪ mɔɹ nɑnsɛnsɪkəɫ hwɛn æktʃuəɫi juzɪŋ ðə pɹoʊɡɹæm.
ɪts æt ɫist æn izi weɪ tu ɡɛt mɔɹ sɛntənsəz.
hwət ɪz jɔɹ feɪvɝɪt kəɫɝ?
aɪ dʒəst pɫeɪd ðə ɡeɪm "bɪɡ wɑk" wɪð maɪ bɔɪfɹɛnd, ænd wi ɫəvd ɪt!
ups wi ənɫɑkt ðə bɫu ɛɹiə bifɔɹ ðə ɡɹin wən...
oʊ ʃɪt! eɪ ɹæt!
oʊ ʃɪt! eɪ hæt!
ðə pɝpəɫ dɹæɡən ɡɫaɪdz tu seɪv ðə deɪ.
wɛɫ, ðə mun ɫændɪŋ wɑz eɪ səksɛs, haʊɛvɝ aɪ dɪdən du maɪ tudu aɪtəmz əɡeɪn...
nɛks taɪm: ɫændɪŋ ɑn ðə wæki əðɝ pɫænət ɔɹbətɪŋ ɝθ.
ɪt hæz eɪ vɛɹi wɪɹd ɔɹbət soʊ pɫænɪŋ mənuvɝz ɪz ɡoʊɪn tu bi hɑɹd.
maɪ səbmɪʃənz ɑɹ beɪsɪkɫi eɪ taɪmɫaɪn əv ɔɫ maɪ ʃənænɪɡənz.
